if this is that now suppose I were to
impose noise much like I had noise out
there and these n was not zero rather VN
for some noise voltage okay let's say
0.2 volts peak-to-peak
okay let's say that simply got
superposed on the signal in which case
what do I get what I end up here is a
signal that looks like this so to see
what gets that signal okay because the
noise is added into my signal and that's
what I get but guess what no problem the
receiver says oh yeah this is a zero
because the values are less than two
point five this is a 1 and this is a 0
okay zero one zero okay so here my
receiver was able to receive the signal
and correctly interpret it without any
problems okay so because I used this
value discretization and because I had
this agreement with the receiver I had
better noise immunity okay
consequently I had what is called a
noise margin noise margin says how much
noise can I tolerate and in this
situation because the sender sends 5
volts and 0 volts okay the 5 volts can
creep all the way down to 2.5 I'll still
be ok similarly 0 could go all the way
up to 2.5 it'd still be okay so in this
case I have a noise margin or 2.5 volts
for a 1 and similarly 2.5 volts for a
zero because there's 2.5 volts between a
0 volt and 2.5 so notice that I have a
nice little noise margin here but simply
is the English me